so guys welcome to week 17 top 10 multi
kills I hardly got any entries of what I
was actually looking for last week so
I'm it's only a top 5 this week I
apologize for that
but this one has its own commentary sit
back and enjoy Electric's clip guys now
I forget now haven't yet normal going on
so he has gone off sick and North on get
north now we're gonna hit them properly
okay that phone was so annoying I don't
know if you guys heard it but I think
that guy was trying to get off I don't
know what he was getting off of but he
was definitely getting off of something
that's for sure alright number 4 MC hard
knocks and he encounters this team of
mystic noobs of the portals here he
could tell he blocks oh he can't he
can't leave anywhere I can't jump in
that portal he's out 13 wild and multi
so I don't think he's gonna be able to
run to a Edgeville bank and just escape
like that so he's gonna sit here in tank
like a beast his prayer gets dropped
tanks at the D Clause no big deal he's
got D hide there's the pressure back up
okay we're good and you guys probably
know what's gonna come here that's not
what she said but here comes the one hit
with the D Clause BAM bitch there goes
your mystic not a huge loss but that is
ridiculously epic for a multi clip by a
1 V like 5 team of mystic noobs and he
doesn't pick up the dragon plate script
because that would have protected over
his claws and he does escape I watched
the whole clip he does manage to escape
so awesome job alright number 3 i pwned
you too this one has its own commentary
as well
I'll get the birthmark antifreeze a
prescription prescription prescription
or prescription right now
prescription keep digging keep digging
click click click Annie
yeah well it did have its own commentary
until that dude got kicked out of his
own Ventrilo server or something I don't
know what what happened there maybe you
got cake for being so loud but um he
owns the out of that team and
anyways here's the countdown extra we
have trolol a little a little low I have
never seen this done before this is the
most original thing I've ever seen if
this was submitted to top down what the
I would have definitely gives it
given this a spot alright he attacks
this guy with the exploding prayer with
like six hit points left and suicide
bombs him and kills him like that like
oh my god that was epic number two no no
no no no no no very weird names this
week okay anyway it's a nice quality on
this clip I'm just noticing ooh
standing up here with this plan and
they're split up I guess they're like
two clans but they're all split up see
they're all purple dots or blue dots
whatever and he's gonna all of
them and stop getting us crashed I guess
that's karma these guys must have done
something bad to deserve this but they
just own them in like two barage is that
whole friggin team is dead oh my god
that's epic
number one hybrids God with all the the
cows and the packs just reminds me of
like farms and zoos and animals and
everywhere oh my god anyways this clan
too much hits just too many hits to see
too much text flying all over the screen
to see I have no idea what's going on
this a war or something between the
ancient fury and brutality these to
runescape plans and these guys just get
owned and he has two blood brush to stay
alive and they just they just get owned
they just get owned like that was I
don't know maybe like a hundred people
just got owned
there's a hundred mystic on the
ground right now oh my god that's epic
alright next week is top 10 reactions
you guys have been begging me to see
reactions you love reactions and I just
don't think enough of you guys record
your voice as well as your just your
runescape screen so I'm I'm really
interested to see what's gonna happen
next week if you enjoyed this video feel
free to give it a thumbs up and yeah
thanks for watching
don't forget to check out my real life
channel to learn how you too can be this
sexy